How did you know?
I'm just selling a sample and telling you how to arrange your studies.
The adults were arranged by us, thank you.
I have long planned to learn this kind of wife,
When the atmosphere is ready, you want to be like the sea here.
Are you really on the streets?
I, said I,
Husband, please don’t favor me,
Wait until it's not warm, don't tell me,
You're a big boy, I'm not right,
I have to wait until I am born.
Yes, yes, pay for the exchange, I will exchange it for him now,
Waiting for you to get married. My dad and I will give you a half in a while.
That's fine too
As long as you can connect to the system in the future, no one except your family will
This is what we are guessing out of our bodies
But it seems so simple
I have to let him see clearly the true crimes of the Chu family
I'm really not